GH-306 Refactor PR Template, Contributing file, delete auto assign (#306)
EternalCodeTeam/EternalCore: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing to EternalCore
We welcome contributions to EternalCore! Whether you're fixing a bug, adding a new feature, or improving documentation, we're glad to have your help.

## How to Contribute
1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new branch for your feature or bug fix.
3. Make your changes, and test them thoroughly.
4. Commit your changes and push them to your fork.
5. Submit a pull request to the main repository in [PR tab](https://github.com/EternalCodeTeam/EternalCore/compare).

## Code of Conduct
We ask that all contributors adhere to our [code of conduct](./CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). By participating in this project, you agree to abide by its terms.

## Reporting Issues

> If you find an issue with the plugin, please report it in the [Issues tab](https://github.com/EternalCodeTeam/EternalCore/issues/new/choose). Please provide as much information as possible, including the version of Minecraft and the plugin you are using, as well as any error messages or logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you find an issue with the plugin, please report it in the [Issues tab](https://github.com/EternalCodeTeam/EternalCore/issues/new/choose). Please provide as much information as possible, including the version of server software that you are using and the plugin you are using, as well as any error messages or logs.
```
